     Personal Computers are finding their way into many 
small business situations nowadays.  Rather than creating 
unemployment they have created a range of new job 
opportunities.
     Personal Computers are like cars in many ways.  
Everybody drives them but only a few know how they work.  
Personally, I dislike being at the mercy of specialists.  I 
have found that most problems on a computer can be fixed by 
non-technical people.
     If you lift the bonnet of your computer what you will 
see is a miniature city with little black rectangles called 
chips.  Many chips are not soldered onto the main circuit 
board; they are plugged into sockets so that they can be 
removed easily.  A very common fault is caused by a bad 
electrical connection between the chip and the socket.  To 
remedy this, turn the  computer off and press all socketted 
chips firmly into their sockets.  Anybody can do this, 
saving hundreds of dollars.
     The first rule of maintenance is observation.  Use all 
of your senses to detect faults; disconnected plugs, burnt 
parts or broken parts can all be detected in this way by 
anyone who dares to open the cover.
     Besides your senses the other tool you need is logic.  
Logic will allow you to narrow down what sort of fault has 
occurred.  Let's look at an example. Yesterday your computer 
was working well.  After you finished your word processing 
you installed a new circuit to allow you to use a modem to 
communicate with head office.  You tested the card and it 
was fine but today you notice that your video is wavy.  You 
can see that the most important clue here is the recent card 
installation.  
