     Steve Biddulph pictures the minds of children as 
gardens where the thoughts that we plant grow and bear 
fruit.  When we tell them they are bad they believe us.  If 
we tell them they are stupid they will be stupid.
     It seems incredible, but many researchers believe that 
children can hear and understand while they are asleep and 
know what we are saying before they can talk.  Perhaps this 
is extreme but it should remind us to be careful with what 
we say.
     There's nothing wrong with getting angry.  Of course we 
can't always be controlled.  It only becomes a problem if we 
don't express our love as strongly or directly as we express 
our anger.  Though we might feel the love ourselves it's the 
angry messages that the child hears and remembers.
     After the war, there were many orphan babies left in 
Europe.  Some were cared for in nice, clean hospitals; 
others were allocated to small, poor country villages.  In 
the midst of the many epidemics and deprivations that 
followed, it was found that the lowest death-rate was 
amongst the babies growing up in the poorer, rougher 
villages.  The conclusion was clear.  Babies need more than 
food, clothes, and cleanliness to live.  They need love.  
Specifically, they need cuddles and mental stimulation.
      One early experiment with rats shows that rats prefer 
electric shocks to no stimulus at all.  They prefer watching 
movies to both, but it shows that any stimulus, even pain, 
is better than no stimulus.
     If we only look and talk directly to our children when 
we are angry, then it is not surprising that they do things 
to make us angry. 
