     There was a room in Matraville, Sydney that used to be
full of computers and people.  Since nineteen eighty four, 
unemployed people, some who had been out of the work force 
for many years, came there to learn about current office 
skills.  The place was called Compuskill and it was one of 
the first centres of this kind to be established in 
Australia.
     One of the fundamental office skills taught there was 
Touch-typing.  Various computer-based tutorials had been  
tried, each with it's own strengths.  The first group of 
trainees found the typing tutor very useful but at the end 
of the course, as they went for interviews, they had a few 
complaints.  The typing tutorial did not give them an 
accurate measure of their speed as measured by the 
conventional typing test.
     The response to this was to introduce typing tests on 
typewriters where the specific skills of typing from copy 
and pressing the return key at the end of lines could be 
learned as well as obtaining an accurate typing speed and 
accuracy.  This solved the problem to some extent but there 
were still drawbacks.  The trainer's time required to time 
and mark each test was considerable.
     The ultimate solution was the TypeTest program.  The 
tutorial program is still used to teach touch typing and 
trainees are still encouraged to practise on conventional 
typewriters.  Now, however, trainees can use TypeTest to do 
typing tests as often as they please without using valuable 
trainer time, developing the skills of typing from copy and 
pressing the return key, and obtaining accurate results all 
in the privacy of their own computer.
