     The guesthouse crouches at the foot of a volcanic 
mountain.  Silently, shyly it overlooks a cool, clear 
stream.  The air is always crisp and sharp in the early 
morning.  People puff little clouds, shuffle and rub, but 
somehow it makes them feel more alive to be out here, cold 
and red-nosed, while they wait for the sun to get his act 
together.
     The tourists line up and chat excitedly at the prospect 
of a horse ride.  The horses, on the other hand, exude an 
air of dull routine.  They only hope the next rider won't be 
too overweight.  It seems that these Men from Snowy River 
types generally lack some grace when attempting to find a 
mutually satisfying distribution of body weight.  The horses 
have become accustomed to this and stare philosophically at 
the ground, only objecting to extreme indignities such as 
mane pulling.
     Eventually the twelve horses trudge around the track 
single-file, ignorant of the purpose of reins or prompting 
heels.  Even their dull minds remember the way.  They pause 
only to nibble at their favourite clump of grass.  They seem 
to drag their hooves till the furthest point is reached and 
then, as if miraculously given new energy, they trot all the 
way home.
      Back at the guest-house the avid hikers return from a 
brisk twenty kilometre pre-breakfast hike.  They mix with 
the remains of the late-night revelers who are scraping 
themselves together.  The red-eyed brigade quietly curse the 
organisers for scheduling food intake at such an early hour 
but the prospect of starving till lunch is just enough to 
motivate them to face the day. 
