     It amazes me how much people will pay for an 
experience; however short.  I'm no different.  When I saw 
the camel-ride sign, I was mildly keen; even if it was three 
dollars for ten minutes.  Still, I probably would have 
passed it up for economic reasons but since we had an 
insistent younger companion who was more than mildly keen 
and who was blissfully unaware of the need for expenditure 
restraint, we decided to find the camels.
     After following the directions from the tourist bureau 
and getting lost, we asked again for directions and obeyed 
the signs and soon found where the camels used to be.  The 
owners finally informed us that the camels were, in fact, 
temporarily back in the direction from which we had come.
      Two tired camels sat amongst a luxuriant growth of 
grass looking blankly at our approaching car.  On the rear 
of his four wheel drive sat a youngish man with blonde hair 
and a ginger beard.
      After mounting the beast, it grunted and puffed and 
suddenly it was standing. And there was I, balanced 
precariously atop of it, smiling confidently for the camera 
but not feeling completely convinced of the security of my 
position, if the truth be known.
     Three plods around the half-acre field led by our 
bearded friend and I was starting to feel pretty sure of 
myself. I risked waving at Ingrid who was holding our baby 
Patrick in her arms. Then it came time to dismount.
      It's difficult to describe my feelings as my camel 
dropped from under me. Terror comes close but it happened so 
quickly that it never had much chance to really get a good 
grip on me.
