     We arrived in time for lunch which was soup of the day, 
cold meat salad, apple scones and a teetering tower of white 
bread on a chipped china plate.  Despite the contrast with 
our normal food, we ate hungrily after our long drive from 
Gosford.
     People at the other tables watched us with Greedy eyes 
as we ate.  They were sitting, waiting for their turn.  I 
think they were wondering why we, the new chums, were being 
fed so quickly.  They probably felt that they, who had been 
out walking and who were the establishment, really ought to 
eat first.  They actually turned out to be quite nice but we 
felt a little paranoid that first lunch time.
     Once the house rules were explained to us by the 
manager we met our table mates for the week and spent a 
polite lunch time asking the right questions and being 
suitably impressed with each others' achievements.
     Ingrid and I went back to our room then and began to 
plan our time at the old guest house.  The room itself was 
notable for a few reasons.  While we were booking we had 
managed to secure the only room with a bathroom attached by 
pointing out Ingrid's advanced pregnancy.  We had six beds 
which, even for us, seemed generous.
      Perhaps the most notable attribute was that our room 
was obviously part of the pet kangaroos' domain.  If we 
foolishly left our door open, we would inevitably return to 
have to do battle with a large male kangaroo, his wife and 
their kid.  They obviously felt it was rightfully their 
room.
     That afternoon we climbed and wandered through the dark 
green rain-forests.
