     It was a clear day though cool and windy.  We had been 
planning to climb this mountain and there seemed no reason 
not to.  Pidgeon House is near where we often stay and you 
can see it towering above the rest of the range for miles 
around.
     Neither of us is a very experienced walker, so it was 
with some trepidation that we set off in our little Mini to 
the foot of the mountain.  After many miles of bumpy dirt 
road we finally parked in a peaceful little area with a sign 
informing us to allow four hours for the walk.
     We set off up a broad track, our legs already feeling 
the effort of climbing a steep incline.  After about an hour 
we didn't seem to have made much headway and we began to 
wonder whether it was such a good idea, but just as we were 
about to turn back we reached a plateau where we could walk 
easily.  This flat track itself lasted for a long time and 
it seemed like we hadn't even begun.
     The final stage involved another steep climb up rough 
stairs.  Finally, we began to be rewarded for our efforts.  
Through the trees we would glimpse even more amazing views.  
Even though we were probably working harder now, we hardly 
noticed how tired we were in our anticipation of the next 
vista.
     Our view was still mainly obscured by trees and we were 
keen to get beyond them.  Eventually we found ourselves 
faced with sheer walls of rock.  The wind seemed less 
friendly, colder and stronger now and we were on the sunless 
side of the peak.
     The only way to keep ascending was by climbing three 
long ladders.  
