     We decided to spend the first week of our holidays 
travelling around from one friend's house to another.  
Though neither of us liked driving vast distances, we were 
both looking forward to seeing all our old friends, most of 
whom we hadn't seen for years.
     Grenfell is out beyond Orange, a small country town 
almost exactly unlike Sydney.  The sky was blue as it only 
can be beyond the mountains.  We drove into town that 
afternoon; tired but looking forward to sleeping far away 
from the sound of traffic.
     We were looking for the house of our friend who was the 
minister of the Presbyterian Church.  I laughed when the 
first person we met told us exactly where he lived, thinking 
again how different life was in the country where everyone 
seems to know everything about everybody else.
     The streets were very quiet and most of the shops 
looked like they hadn't changed since nineteen thirty.  We 
made our way through the wide streets until we found his 
house.  The manse itself was a beautiful, large but austere 
house with a vast verandah.  It was surrounded by a variety 
of trees. An almond tree was happily providing nuts.  We 
spent an hour or so just sitting in the sun on the verandah.  
Then we hopped down and began collecting almonds.
     Our host cooked us a lovely meal and then told us what 
a lonely life it was sometimes.  I also learned that Henry 
Lawson had been born in the town and that this was its one 
and only claim to fame.  He went on to say that while the 
country was pleasant to look at, he wouldn't mind a bit of 
smog in exchange for the cut and thrust of some intellectual 
discussion.
