     We chose a fairly short walk but it had its share of 
obstacles.  Crossing over a stream via a slippery rock ford 
was only a little daunting for my intrepid wife.  She 
decided to take her sandshoes off and subject her naked 
little feet to the flowing icy river rather than have to 
complete the course in soggy shoes.  I dried her feet with 
her fifteen-year-old hockey socks but it took a few minutes 
before she had any feeling in them.  It was a surprise to me 
that they hadn't provided more substantial bridges for the 
senior visitors.
     The strangling figs were majestic.  The seed comes to 
rest in the upper branches of some unsuspecting tree.  Then, 
slowly and patiently, the roots grow down like hemlines when 
the fashions change.  Eventually the roots reach the ground 
and then they thicken.  Soon, in ten years or so, they 
completely hide the original tree.  So our guide assured us, 
and I had no reason to doubt him.
     I began to realise why so many American tourists kept 
coming back; they probably see, in the strangling figs, 
Nature condoning some of their own business practices.
     Cricket with the post-kid crew was riveting.  Everyone 
was on the edge of their seats watching each bowler's run, 
concerned he might sustain permanent injuries.  The younger 
set were burdened by expectations of greatness.  In my case, 
my bowling came as a great disappointment to my team as well 
as being a source of hilarity for my beloved and her 
friends.
     However, in fielding, I redeemed myself, by risking all 
to end one batter's innings.  As I ran backwards and 
collided with the garbage can, I felt the ball in my 
outstretched arm.
