     The summit of Pidgeon House is made of three large 
terraced slabs of sandstone.  We lay on one of these and 
relaxed in the sunshine, almost falling asleep for a while.  
There was quite a lot of low scrub, so that, even from where 
we lay, though we could see the sea, we couldn't see the 
whole of the mountain top.
     After we had recovered and had some lunch, we started 
to explore the peak.  We were surprised to find that on the 
highest of the slabs hidden by scrub, there was a sundial 
and a tin box with a visitors' book.  It was interesting to 
note the variety of comments; from obscene childishness to 
expressions of awe.
     From this monument, there were three hundred and sixty  
degrees of indescribable beauty; the oceans, plateaux and 
valleys.  Three hundred and sixty degrees where nothing is 
higher than you. That's how it seems, it's a rare feeling.
     We spent an hour on the top and then the time came to 
leave.  We were still worried about getting down.  In the 
back of my mind I had a picture of Rosie, too scared to go 
down, waiting for me to get help.
     We found it wasn't too hard getting down the ladders 
after all. The plateau was a pleasant walk as we glowed with 
the feeling of achievement we had.  We talked excitedly and 
stopped to take pictures, beginning to enjoy our 
surroundings.
     The ascent had been pretty business-like really, 
without much time for looking around or relaxation.  Maybe 
what we felt was more a feeling of relief than a feeling of 
achievement.  Anyway, we were glad to be out of the wind and 
on our way home.
